SGD8-926: Table refactoring (#53)
StadGent/fractal_styleguide_gent-base: components/21-atoms/table/README.md

The table styling features alternating row colors.

> On desktop resolutions, when it is desired, individual rows, columns or even individual cells can be highlighted by overriding the background color. The colors that can be used are `color-success`, `color-warning` en `color-error`.

Author: **Opmerking:** Technisch gezien, bestaat het concept ‘kolom’ niet in HTML. Dit zou bestaan uit het kleuren van elke individuele cel die in die kolom staat.

```suggestion
On desktop resolutions, when it is desired, individual rows, columns or even individual cells can be highlighted by overriding the background color. The colors that can be used are `success`, `warning` and `error` by applying the desired CSS class to a row or cell.
```

> On desktop resolutions, when it is desired, individual rows, columns or even individual cells can be highlighted by overriding the background color. The colors that can be used are `success`, `warning` and `error`. To override the backgorund color with one of these colors, apply the desired CSS class to a row or cell.

Author: Ok for me, but just a tiny typo to correct:

```suggestion
On desktop resolutions, when it is desired, individual rows, columns or even individual cells can be highlighted by overriding the background color. The colors that can be used are `success`, `warning` and `error`. To override the background color with one of these colors, apply the desired CSS class to a row or cell.
```
